README.md, before:

# Laravel Ventamed Application

## Steps for execute in Windows
- Fill the  ```.env.docker.example``` and the ```.env.example``` files with the database's credentials.
  - The database name, user and password has to be the same for both files.
  - It's recommended that the root password variable be different from that of the user.
- Run the ```configure.bat``` file.
- Execute ```docker compose pull``` and later ```docker compose up``` commands.
- When the containers be ready, run the ```post_configure.bat``` file.
- Open ```localhost:8080``` in the web browser and enter your credentials (The user and password created in the env files).
- Select your database and select the ```Import``` option.
- Select the ```tables.sql``` file. Disable the ```Allow an import to be interrupted if the script detects that it has approached the PHP time limit.``` and ```Enable foreign key checking``` options and run the import.
- Open ```localhost``` in the web browser and register the credentials forr the admin User.
- Now you can log in and use the application.

### About Application
- MySQL 9.0
- PHPMyAdmin 5
- PHP-FPM 8.2
- NginX 1.27
- Laravel 9.47.0

### Useful commands
- ```docker compose down -v --rmi all --remove-orphans``` for completly drop of the containers

Commit message:

Add redis container. Changes to improve the performance. Changes in the post_configure.bat (The necesary commands was not executing)

README.md, after:

# Laravel Ventamed Application

## Steps for execute in Windows
- Fill the  ```.env.docker.example``` and the ```.env.example``` files with the database's credentials.
  - The database name, user and password has to be the same for both files.
  - It's recommended that the root password variable be different from that of the user.
- Run the ```configure.bat``` file.
- Execute ```docker compose pull``` and later ```docker compose up``` commands.
- When the containers be ready, run the ```post_configure.bat``` file.
- Open ```localhost:8080``` in the web browser and enter your credentials (The user and password created in the env files).
- Select your database and select the ```Import``` option.
- Select the ```tables.sql``` file. Disable the ```Allow an import to be interrupted if the script detects that it has approached the PHP time limit.``` and ```Enable foreign key checking``` options and run the import.
- Open ```localhost``` in the web browser and register the credentials forr the admin User.
- Now you can log in and use the application.

### About Application
- MySQL 9.0
- Redis 7.4
- PHPMyAdmin 5.2.1
- PHP-FPM 8.2
- NginX 1.27
- Laravel 9.47.0

### Useful commands
- ```docker compose down -v --rmi all --remove-orphans``` for completly drop of the containers
- ```mysql -u username -p databasename < dump.sql``` in the mysql container, for import database from a sql file.
